This initiative will produce Braille printers for the blind. These folks are unable to further their education because they are unable to use computers and other instructional software. Using their tactile sense and the Braille writing system, they can read any form of data. However, reading literature that is not written in the Braille alphabet presents substantial reading challenges. Here, we provide a prototype for writing Braille from spoken words. They are weaker than those who have a clear vision, which is bad for the economy. This technology enables the employment of braille-to-word, image, or audio converters that generate both the input word and the output word for a given input. As a system input, a Braille keypad with several configurations of six cells is used. Braille text in English has been decoded. This initiative will produce Braille printers for the blind. These folks are unable to further their education because they are unable to use computers and other instructional software. Using their tactile sense and the Braille writing system, they are able to read any form of data. However, reading literature that is not written in the Braille alphabet presents substantial reading challenges. Here, we provide a prototype for writing Braille from spoken words. They are weaker than those who have a clear vision, which is bad for the economy. This technology enables the employment of a braille-to-word, image, or audio converter that generates both the input word and the output word for a given input. As a system input, a Braille Keypad with several configurations of six cells is used. after Braille text in English has been decoded.
